ARROW-15390: [Dev][C++][Doc] Document the GDB extension (#12241)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/gdb.rst

for specific types.  We provide a
`GDB extension <https://github.com/apache/arrow/blob/master/cpp/gdb_arrow.py>`_
written in Python that enables pretty-printing for common Arrow C++ classes,
so as to enable a more productive debugging experience.  For example,
here is how the aforementioned :class:`arrow::Status` instance will be
displayed::

   $5 = arrow::Status::OK()

and here is the same :class:`arrow::Decimal128Scalar` instance as above::

   $6 = arrow::Decimal128Scalar of value 123.4567 [precision=10, scale=4]

Manual loading
--------------

To enable the GDB extension for Arrow, you can simply
`download it <GDB extension>`_
somewhere on your computer and ``source`` it from the GDB prompt::

   (gdb) source path/to/gdb_arrow.py

You will have to ``source`` it on each new GDB session.  You might want to
make this implicit by adding the ``source`` invocation in a
`gdbinit <https://sourceware.org/gdb/onlinedocs/gdb/gdbinit-man.html>`_ file.

Automatic loading
-----------------

GDB provides a facility to automatically load scripts or extensions for each
object file or library that is involved in a debugging session.  You will need
to:

> 1. Find out what the *auto-load* location(s) is/are for your GDB install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find out what the *auto-load* locations are for your GDB install.
```
We can probably stick with the plural here, even if there could possibly be multiple locations.  It's just a touch easier to read.

   directory, the full path to the auto-load script will have to be
   ``/usr/share/gdb/auto-load/usr/local/lib/libarrow.so.700.0.0-gdb.py``.

4. Either copy or symlink the `GDB extension`_ to the file path determined
   in step 3 above.

If everything went well, then as soon as GDB encounters the Arrow C++ DLL,
it will automatically load the Arrow GDB extension so as to pretty-print
Arrow C++ classes on the display prompt.

Supported classes
-----------------

The Arrow GDB extension provides pretty-printing for the core Arrow C++ classes:

* :class:`arrow::DataType` and subclasses
* :class:`arrow::Field`, :class:`arrow::Schema` and :class:`arrow::KeyValueMetadata`
* :class:`arrow::ArrayData`, :class:`arrow::Array` and subclasses
* :class:`arrow::Scalar` and subclasses
* :class:`arrow::ChunkedArray`, :class:`arrow::RecordBatch` and :class:`arrow::Table`
* :class:`arrow::Datum`

Important utility classes are also covered:

* :class:`arrow::Status` and :class:`arrow::Result`
* :class:`arrow::Buffer` and subclasses
* :class:`arrow::Decimal128`, :class:`arrow::Decimal256`
* :class:`arrow::util::string_view`, :class:`arrow::util::optional`,

>   :class:`arrow::util::Variant`

Reviewer: We don't have any links for `arrow::Result`, `arrow::util::string_view`, `arrow::util::optional`, or `arrow::util::Variant` (presumably because they aren't contained in some .rst file somewhere)

Reviewer: That seems fine.
